got it this time I know you can't answer
me
this is Jill Brad wow it's broken now
I'm really curious what the first radio
conversation would have been is
one-sided as would be
Hey look at this no doggy's
words
just meander through here like nothing
was going on
well humans but what are they they're
going to attempt to bite me
oh I thought I killed you well at least
you're kind enough to not have to me
properly all right manual aiming is not
that bad don't need you medium leave you
badly it's time shotgun time ooh pretty
shotgun
and then suddenly that was right but
that that layout is not ground there was
some redesigning
come around the corner again oh you're
tough bugger aren't you for shotgun
chills that's look good but you're dead
now that's good this is a helmet door
the light switch no it's on the table
it's a lamp lamp here we go
ha happiness again and though I knew was
there it still still just makes me smile
well mo disc not sure i'll push the
switch there's nothing in there anyway
gotta save electricity though just doing
my part for the environment no one can
say anything bad to not having much
difficulty with the best time and note
Barry oh my god Barry Barry you're the
best that's why your name starts the bee
and you sound like Harry I mean what
more could I ask for inventory space no
I don't want to trade off more health
perfectly happy being a glass cannon I
forgot I had the Colt Python at this
point okay a modus gave you up there I
you get scratched directly on the cornea
they need to wear an eye patch for two
weeks
oh this is going to require a bit more
inventory sword air get ready for the
most exciting thing in less playing
history oh I can't wait to land second
game it's just gonna be completely a lot
less unseen 'less and the inventory
management yes that sentence was a
grammatical nightmare now where am I
going where am I going snake is upstairs
I don't really want to fight the snake
yet so we're going to stay on the main
floor for now we'll loop back around the
other way that's blocked sir hunter
around here hey there is a hunter what
are you doing what are you doing don't
put handgun rounds in your shotgun it
won't work this leads to a hallway but
oh I don't want to you Oh worry worry
worry worry worry in circles okay I've
ended my circles I've ended my worrying
you